# FindSbPeak
FindSbPeak v1.0 was developed for the rapid and accurate identification of Sb species in non-targeted analysis. Identifying Sb-related peaks particularly those of unknown Sb species in MS spectra is of great difficulty. The software enables us to locate all Sb species within approximately 3 min for MS data and 0.2 hours for LC-MS data based on three characteristic features: (1) the mass difference between 123Sb-containing peak and 121Sb-containg peak (Δm/z) is approximately 2.00038; (2) the abundance ratio of 123Sb-containing peak to 121Sb-containg peak is approximately 75:100; (3) the peak intensity or signal-to-noise ratio (S/N) should be greater than a predefined threshold. The software has a graphical user interface (GUI) with four modules including FindSbPeak_MS_Process, FindSbPeak_LCMS_Candidate, FindSbPeak_LCMS_Filter, and FindSbPeak_LCMS_Visualization. The first module is developed for processing MS data, while the remaining three modules are developed for processing LC-MS data. Users can adjust the parameters for their data directly within the GUI.

The software was written in Python 3.9. The executable version has been tested on Windows 10, while the raw scripts have been tested on both Windows and Linux systems. A minimum of 2 GB of memory and 10 GB of free disk space are recommended.

The input file format for MS data is .txt. For example, a spectrum collected on Bruker Daltonik FT-ICR MS can be converted to a .txt peak list file using DataAnalysis software. The input file format for LC-MS data is .mzML which can be obtained using ProteoWizard msConvert tool. Raw data from various vendors including Agilent, Bruker, Sciex, Shimadzu, Thermo Scientific, and Waters are supported.
